Integration and Configuration Model:
We will set the same outlie, same requirements.
Feasibility Study: Object-oriented Programming, user interface  Yes, Budget Yes
Requirement elicitation: Interview with President of the University, student service center. Talk to instructors and deans. Looking at existing system like Leopard Web and AUB Sis.
Requirement Specifications:
•	All users should be able to search for courses:
o	All users should have an ID, first name, last name, and date of birth,
o	Display all courses with CRN, date and time, how many credits, instructor and location.
•	All students can see updates and their information:
o	Able to see year status, tracking sheet, bill, transcript.
o	Students can add, drop, and search courses.
o	Students are able to access their schedule and print it.
•	Instructors can add to their class and upgrade information:
o	Instructors are able to see their schedule and print it.
o	Instructors can check their class roster.
o	Instructors can check their students’ grades.
•	Admin can access all instructors and student’s information:
o	Admin can add or remove user.
o	Admin can search courses.
o	Admin can add and remove courses from the system.
o	Admin can see everything about students and instructors (ID, date of birth, schedule, bill, days attending, graduation year, status, department…).
o	Admin can withdraw or add student to a course.
o	Admin can set courses timing and access schedules.
o	Admin can print and search courses and rosters.
o	Admin can set working days for instructors. 
Software Design and Implementation:
We will look up for a similar model, open source where we can edit and add the features we want.
I found on github this model where a similar student information system was made to access all student information. 
We can add features and remove some to make our requested project. Modify and add as needed to the project.

Software Validation:
Make sure that the system doesn’t contain any bugs or errors and is as required from the customer. 
Software Evolution:
If new requirements and new changes, we can make changes from any part we would like to. New system is made.
Timeframe: When the system is found, timeframe depends on the modified features and the new requirements set
