Waterfall Assignment 2
With the waterfall process model the project would be split up into phases that would be done in sequential order. 
This makes for a simple model to follow and it ensures that through each phase of the project a certain point is reached and completed.
For this process the first task would be to layout all the requirements and things needed to develop the project. 
In this case we will use the system overview and requirements that professor Rawlins has laid out for us to complete the project. So this Phase is already completed.
In the next phase of system design we must figure out as a group which language and which method of coding would be best to complete this project based on studying the first phase. This phase  would hopefully be completed  within the nxt week or two.
The next phase is implementation where after the system design is figured out the system now begins development in small portions called units.
In this unit testing it would be best to split the program up by each user, student, intstructor, and admin. Once these users are sorted out the next part would be to start implementing databases of both users and courses. 
Each of these would be developed and then tested to make sure they all work indiviudally and then in the next phase they will be integrated together.
The integration phase will be include joining all of these units into one systemn and testing the whole system to make sure there are no errors.
Once the integration phase is completed the product will be ready to be demoed and released. If there are any issues in the system post release or demo the maintenance phase is the last phase that will be constant.
In the maintenance phase if any errors or issues are found we would release patches to fix those errors.
All of these phases will only happen once the previous phase is completed.
The timeline for this model would be sequential finishing the first two phases within the first month of the course.
The implementation and integration phases would take the longest as that is where the code is being done and the program is put together. Probably taking anywhere from June to the end of July.
The deployment/demo phase would happen in August and Maintenance would come directly after deployment if needed.
